Video embedding (#8889)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/backlogs-scrum/README.md

| [Burndown chart](work-with-backlogs#burndown-chart)          | How to create a burndown chart?                              |
| [Print story cards](work-with-backlogs#print-story-cards)    | How to print story cards?                                    |
| [Sprint wiki page](work-with-backlogs#sprint-wiki)           | How to create a sprint wiki page?                            |

> | <video src="https://www.openproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/OpenProject-Agile-Boards.mp4" type="video/mp4" controls="" style="width:100%"></video> | How to select the folded or collapsed backlogs view?         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Selecting folded or collapsed backlogs view](taskboard#configure-backlogs-settings-under-my-account) | How to select the folded or collapsed backlogs view?         |
```

Reviewer: this link seems to be misplaced (I think it shouldn't be in this section as the video covers another topic
